.\" shorthand for double quote that works everywhere.
.ds q \N'34'
.TH psb  __drivermansuffix__ __vendorversion__
.SH NAME
psb \- Poulsbo graphics chipsets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B "Section \*qDevice\*q"
.BI "  Identifier \*q"  devname \*q
.B  "  Driver \*qpsb\*q"
\ \ ...
.B EndSection
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B psb
is an __xservername__ driver for Intel Poulsbo graphics chipsets.
The driver supports depths 8, 15, 16 and 24.  
.SH SUPPORTED HARDWARE
.B psb
supports the Poulsbo chipsets.

.SH CONFIGURATION DETAILS
Please refer to __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__) for general configuration
details.  This section only covers configuration details specific to this
driver.
.PP
The following driver
.B Options
are supported
.TP
.BI "Option \*qNoAccel\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Disable or enable acceleration.  Default: acceleration is enabled.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qShadowFB\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Disable or enable shadowfb.  Default: shadowfb is disabled.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qSWCursor\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Disable or enable software cursor.  Default: software cursor is disable
and a hardware cursor is used for configurations where the hardware cursor
is available.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qExaMem\*q \*q" integer \*q
This sets the amount of video memory set aside for exa pixmap cache, it's
allocated in megabytes. The default is 32Mb.
Default: 32.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qExaScratch\*q \*q" integer \*q
The driver will allocate 4Kb by default for exa scratch area.
Default: 4
.TP
.BI "Option \*qDRI\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Disable or enable DRI support.
Default: DRI is enabled for configurations where it is supported.


.SH "OLD-STYLE MULTIHEAD AND XRandR 1.2"
The driver supports XRandR 1.2, and at the same time has an
experimental support for old-style multihead / Xinerama. If the driver
is set up to run on two different screens, the SDVO output will be
configured for screen 0 and the LVDS output for screen 1. XRandR 1.2
will then operate independently on the two screens. Currently there is
no support for moving outputs between screens.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
__xservername__(__appmansuffix__), __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__), xorgconfig(__appmansuffix__), Xserver(__appmansuffix__), X(__miscmansuffix__)
.SH AUTHORS
Authors include: Thomas Hellström, Alan Hourihane, and Jakob
Bornekrantz of Tungsten Graphics Inc,
http://www.tungstengraphics.com. David Airlie, Eric Anholt and various
other people contributing to the Intel i830 driver, from which much of
the modesetting code is taken. Various people of Intel Corp.
